Hosted Launch: Base PR (#2229)
astronomer/docs: astro/configure-deployment-resources.md

You can also update your Workspace so that any new Deployments in the Workspace enforce CI/CD deploys by default. See [Update general Workspace settings](manage-workspaces.md#update-general-workspace-settings).

## Enable high availability

:::info

> This feature is on by default for Astro Hosted users. 

Reviewer: This doesn't seem to be the case? The checkbox is off by default in the UI.

It's also not the case for Hybrid because the equivalent on Hybrid is to run 2+ schedulers and that's not default.

Is this info box necessary or could it be removed altogether?

:::

> When a Deployment has high availability enabled, it runs multiple instances of its Airflow components across separate nodes for resiliency. This ensures that your DAGs can continue to run if there's an issue with one of your Airflow components in a specific cluster, or if a cluster experiences an outage. Because this setting results in more resource usage, it can increase the cost of your Deployment. See [LINK].

Reviewer 2: "f there's an issue with one of your Airflow components in a specific cluster,"  - do we mean the with HA-enabled airflow components for the same deployment can run in a different cluster and not just different nodes ?

Author: Ah no I don't think what I wrote is right, updating it now.

> When a Deployment has high availability enabled, it runs multiple instances of its Airflow components across separate nodes for resiliency. This ensures that your DAGs can continue to run if there's an issue with one of your Airflow components in a specific cluster, or if a cluster experiences an outage. Because this setting results in more resource usage, it can increase the cost of your Deployment. See [LINK].

Author: ```suggestion
When a Deployment has high availability enabled, it runs multiple instances of its Airflow components across separate nodes for resiliency. This ensures that your DAGs can continue to run if there's an issue with one of your Airflow components in a specific node. Because this setting results in more resource usage, it can increase the cost of your Deployment. See [LINK].
```
